hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
edu/notes/hiltapp/mvvm/model/TodoRepository_Factory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.mvvm.model.TodoRepository_Factory
edu/notes/hiltapp/room/dao/TodoDao_Impl.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl$1
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl$2
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl$3
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl$4
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl$5
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl$6
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.dao.TodoDao_Impl$7
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
edu/notes/hiltapp/room/db/TodoDatabase_Impl.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.db.TodoDatabase_Impl
 edu.notes.hiltapp.room.db.TodoDatabase_Impl$1
edu/notes/hiltapp/di/TodoViewModelModule_ProvideTodoViewModelFactory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.di.TodoViewModelModule_ProvideTodoViewModelFactory
edu/notes/hiltapp/di/AdapterModule_ProvideTodoAdapterFactory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.di.AdapterModule_ProvideTodoAdapterFactory
 edu.notes.hiltapp.di.AdapterModule_ProvideTodoAdapterFactory$InstanceHolder
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_edu_notes_hiltapp_ui_TodoApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._edu_notes_hiltapp_ui_TodoApplication
edu/notes/hiltapp/BR.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.BR
edu/notes/hiltapp/di/TodoRepositoryModule_ProvideTodoRepositoryFactory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.di.TodoRepositoryModule_ProvideTodoRepositoryFactory
edu/notes/hiltapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_di_DatabaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_di_DatabaseModule
edu/notes/hiltapp/mvvm/viewmodel/TodoViewModel_Factory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.mvvm.viewmodel.TodoViewModel_Factory
edu/notes/hiltapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 edu.notes.hiltapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 edu.notes.hiltapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
edu/notes/hiltapp/mvvm/viewmodel/TodoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.mvvm.viewmodel.TodoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 edu.notes.hiltapp.mvvm.viewmodel.TodoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_di_TodoRepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_di_TodoRepositoryModule
edu/notes/hiltapp/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideTodoDaoFactory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideTodoDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_di_TodoDatabaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_di_TodoDatabaseModule
edu/notes/hiltapp/BuildConfig.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.BuildConfig
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_ui_TodoApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_ui_TodoApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_di_AdapterModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_di_AdapterModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_mvvm_viewmodel_TodoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_mvvm_viewmodel_TodoViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_mvvm_viewmodel_TodoViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_mvvm_viewmodel_TodoViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
edu/notes/hiltapp/mvvm/viewmodel/TodoViewModel_HiltModules.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.mvvm.viewmodel.TodoViewModel_HiltModules
 edu.notes.hiltapp.mvvm.viewmodel.TodoViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 edu.notes.hiltapp.mvvm.viewmodel.TodoViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
edu/notes/hiltapp/di/TodoDatabaseModule_ProvideTodoDatabaseFactory.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.di.TodoDatabaseModule_ProvideTodoDatabaseFactory
edu/notes/hiltapp/ui/TodoApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.ui.TodoApplication_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
hilt_aggregated_deps/_edu_notes_hiltapp_di_TodoViewModelModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._edu_notes_hiltapp_di_TodoViewModelModule
edu/notes/hiltapp/ui/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.ui.MainActivity_MembersInjector
edu/notes/hiltapp/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
edu/notes/hiltapp/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 edu.notes.hiltapp.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 edu.notes.hiltapp.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
